Update Solr README (#2444)
docker-library/docs: solr/content.md

# What is Solr?

> Apache Solr™ is the popular, blazing fast, open source NoSQL search platform from the Apache Solr project. Its major features include powerful full-text search, hit highlighting, faceted search, dynamic clustering, database integration, rich document handling, and geospatial search. Solr is highly scalable, providing fault tolerant distributed search and indexing, and powers the search and navigation features of many of the world's largest internet sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache Solr™ is the popular, blazing fast, open source NoSQL search platform. Its major features include powerful full-text search, hit highlighting, faceted search, dynamic clustering, database integration, rich document handling, and geospatial search. Solr is highly scalable, providing fault tolerant distributed search and indexing, and powers the search and navigation features of many of the world's largest websites.
```
